ladies gentlemen would you please
welcome to the rain Sunderland's very
own Tony Jefferies his 24-year old
Turney Jeffrey's Jeff and Jeff
princesses sometimes down or the mighty
back up
and of course big hero already up in
your part of the world Glenn so he is
doing everything right so far we show
very good boxing skills and a good punch
this far into his career is obviously a
long way to go but he's making nice
progress
you now join us for a special light
heavyweight contest of six three minutes
rounds introducing to you personally in
the red corner wearing black trunks with
white trim he comes from Riga in Latvia
and weighs in a 12 stone five pounds and
eight ounces he gave you tonight in his
21st contest
please welcome Andres toasties and his
opponent across the ring early blue
corner wearing white trunks with red
trim he fights out of sunderland aways
in a 12 stone three pounds and 8 ounces
as an amateur he was a 2006 ABA light
heavyweight champion and a 2008 Beijing
Olympic Games bronze medalist tonight as
the professional we enter the ring with
a 4/5 record for wins three of those
wins coming by way of knockout
please welcome that mighty Mac and Tony
Cruz we're timekeepers David Walters
your referee at the Bell is ruddy
everyone's boxes please okay boys you
both know what I expect of you when I
say break you step back
defend yourself at all times better let
the body'll four out of four so far in
the pros but Tony Jeffries and he won't
expect to be upset here against Andres
Kostas from Latvia who did score a
couple of back-to-back first round wins
earlier this year but more often than
not he's been beaten who knows he might
be dangerous
Jeffries we'll just have to maybe have a
little look at him let's hope he's a bit
better than the Latvian that David Price
bought good punches going in already
from Jeffress the Jeffries does have the
skills to have a
it tells this it's going to get that jab
working there's a hard straight jab good
punch all the time
Jeffries as well inside the first minute
just about got up he looked reluctant to
do it love to to the body soon lead in
the leg yet there's another one
Jeffries knows he's heard him ball body
punches nothing coming back from the
Latvian need to do something so he does
find a left hand there were a bit more
interesting
the Costas has to throw some punches
he's just allowing Jeffries to get off
with anything he wants a present
again he's looking for that left up to
the body
Tony Jefferies to the temple puts Kostas
down for a second time
this is not gonna last long the job box
on again the referee had a close look at
him Costas I don't think Fran sees this
too much scared he's only won three out
of 20 in his career Jeffries just doing
what he likes to them
slashing punches here is on the run is a
referee gonna call the hopper yes he has
over in the first round Jefferies did
the job well five out of five for him
but you have to say he needs better
standard of opposition now we're talking
about an Olympic Games bronze medalist
and they're gonna have to do better than
that by way of opponent side yeah they
really are it didn't have anything
didn't either throw back only did what
he what he had to do and that was all
gonna be asked of him bail them out
there but toss this was very poor
opposition and fairness it's a it's a
difficult one because obviously you
don't want to over match young
professionals they have to have a
learning curve and you don't want to get
them beaten because they weren't ready
for a certain opponent but there's
there's low risk at no risk isn't there
this certainly is and I think you know
if you compete at the highest level as
an amateur you need to be just put in a
little bit higher caliber than this
because you know quite frankly you're
not learning anything you know you know
learn how to defend you're just getting
your punches of and you know you learn
enough more than you're with a punch bag
but is it the stage I suppose at the
moment really only fifth professional
fight where they're thinking anybody
with a license who's breathing is a
tended to fight him he gets the punches
off he's heavy handed Tony Jeffries then
went toasters was in trouble it was
always gonna end pretty early not
knocking Jeffries at all he's done the
job he can only beat the fella in front
of him he's done that inside around
there's no arguing with that but maybe
he needs to be asked something a little
more serious than this for his progress
to carry on because it's a good question
isn't it what is he learning from that
experience with punches baggage are you
never gonna get a good defense
well Tony first round win three
knockdowns but was it all a bit too easy
for you tonight yeah I was I wasn't
expecting what he's gonna come back so
you know I've tried to work on the feet
mistakes I made in my last fight and
improve them on this one I think I think
I did it do you want better opposition
now after five straight wins
well I'm sure Franklin step it up in
when I'm ready and I think maybe he's
ready no no our five wins and before not
oh dear maybe that would be ready Frank
was that a substandard opponent there
for Tony Jeffries I mean if we're honest
opponent wasn't up to the quality that
we look for but we don't know when we
bring him in what to expect we are gonna
step him up next year we think he's
ready to go up we did offer this fight
to free British fires and I won't name
who it was and they just turned the
fights then I mean it's it's very hard
to match guys at this level or any
Olympian because you have to be careful
you know you don't know what you get you
don't want to over match him and you
don't want to under Mecham unfortunately
today they was both my old limp Ian's
were under mates but we look at that
problem next year because you know they
have to learn and they won't learn from
fights like that so next year we will
see a slight step up and opponents only
you impatient for a real decent test
well I knew when I turned a professional
thought it was going to be a slow
process if you look at the likes of
called four-dvd Amir Khan
all the top fighters in the Britain
their opponents then fought on the fifth
fight the that kind of standard the same
final records so Frank's funks the one
in charge and I'll do what he says or
for anyone who loses